Expose fullyCompatible parameter of converter (#9238)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/tsp-client/README.md

### convert

> Convert an existing swagger specification to a TypeSpec project. This command should only be run once to get started working on a TypeSpec project. TypeSpec projects will need to be optimized manually and fully reviewed after conversion. When using this command a path or url to a swagger README file is required through the `--swagger-readme` flag. Highly suggested to leverage TypeSpec built-in libraries with standarded patterns and templates, which will cause discrepancy between the generated TypeSpec and original swagger. If you really don't want this intended discrepancy, add `--fully-compatible` flag.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
Convert an existing swagger specification to a TypeSpec project. This command should only be run once to get started working on a TypeSpec project. TypeSpec projects will need to be optimized manually and fully reviewed after conversion. When using this command a path or url to a swagger README file is required through the `--swagger-readme` flag. By default, the converted TypeSpec project will leverage TypeSpec built-in libraries with standard patterns and templates (highly recommended), which will cause discrepancies between the generated TypeSpec and original swagger. If you really don't want this intended discrepancy, add `--fully-compatible` flag to generate a TypeSpec project that is fully compatible with the swagger.
```
